Add a clause indicating that CNI works OOB (#7548)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/additional-setup/cni/index.md

    *  The Kubernetes documentation highly recommends this for all Kubernetes installations
       where `ServiceAccounts` are utilized.

## Basic Installation

> For most environments, CNI works correctly by installing with this `IstioOperator`:
> 
> {{< text yaml >}}
> apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
> kind: IstioOperator
> spec:
>   components:
>     cni:
>       enabled: true
>   values:
>     cni:
>       excludeNamespaces:
>        - istio-system
>        - kube-system
>       logLevel: info
> {{< /text >}}
> 
> Then to install Istio, apply the `IstioOperator`:
> 
> {{< text bash >}}
> $ istioctl install -f istio-cni.yaml
> {{< /text >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most environments, a basic Istio cluster with CNI enabled can be installed using the following command:

{{< text bash >}}
$ cat <<EOF > istio-cni.yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  components:
    cni:
      enabled: true
  values:
    cni:
      excludeNamespaces:
       - istio-system
       - kube-system
      logLevel: info
EOF
$ istioctl install -f istio-cni.yaml
{{< /text >}}
```
